[Docs] Updates the SET command documentation (#18101)
apache/druid: docs/multi-stage-query/reference.md

FROM <table>
```

> For details on applying context parameters using SET, see [SET statements](../querying/sql.md#set).

Author: ```suggestion
For details on applying context parameters using SET, see [SET](../querying/sql.md#set).
```

## Context parameters

> Along with the standard Druid SQL [context parameters](../querying/sql-query-context.md), the multi-stage query task engine also supports its own set of specific context parameters. These parameters can be used with your queries to tailor how they are executed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The multi-stage query task engine supports the [SQL context parameters](../querying/sql-query-context.md), as well as its own set of specific context parameters. Use these parameters to tailor how Druid executes your query.
```

> For detailed instructions on configuring query context parameters, refer to the [query context parameters](../querying/query-context.md) documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For detailed instructions on configuring query context parameters, refer to [Query context](../querying/query-context.md).
```

> Beyond that, you can also define context parameters using `SET` statements directly within your SQL query. This method is especially useful for quick, inline parameter configuration. 
> For how to using `SET` command, See [SET Command](../querying/sql.md#set).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This should be covered by the previous line and upcoming doc reorg

> Note: While the examples above use the `SELECT` statement, you can also specify context parameters in Druid SQL queries that use `INSERT` or `REPLACE`.

Reviewer: Move this before "For detailed instruction" since it's more important. Suggested revision:

```
You can specify the context parameters in SELECT, INSERT, or REPLACE statements.
```
